Launch file can't connect to URSIM:
	The launch file that runs the ROS DRIVERS uses a hardcoded directory and IP, so if your robot's IP changes, or you move the files, you'll have to edit the launch file to reflect those differences.
	
I have opened the sim, but there's no robot showing:
	Due to incompatibility, we have to 1st run the robot sim using SUDO (which gives the terminal admin privileges). So follow the bellow steps.
	1. sudo ./start-ursim UR10
	2. wait for it to load, click through all the error messages then close it
	3. ./start-ursim UR10
	4. go to init screen and start the robot, it should appear shortly.
	
Incorrect safety configuration:
	You have likely run the robot using ./start-ursim without specifying that it's a UR10
	close the sim and re run it using the following command.
	./start-ursim UR10
	
Pressing start in the UR10 but nothing's happening and the robot is invisible:
	Due to incompatibility, we have to 1st run the robot sim using SUDO (which gives the terminal admin privileges). So follow the bellow steps.
	1. sudo ./start-ursim UR10
	2. wait for it to load, click through all the error messages then close it
	3. ./start-ursim UR10
	4. go to init screen and start the robot, it should appear shortly.
	
I cant use the ros package anymore:
	If the ros pkg isn't showing up and isn't auto completing when you try roslaunch robot_control_simulation, for example, then it's likely that the wrong setup.bash is being sourced.
	add this line to your ~/.bashrc and restart your terminal
	source ~/catkin_ws/devel/setup.bash
	
The robot pose keeps behaving weirdly at random times:
	get_pose() will randomly send false readings, this seems to happen every 10 - 20 readings of robot_pose. This is likely due to a bug in the UR-ROS drivers.
	There is an example of a work around to this problem in "example_assign_3" in the function "get pose".
	Pose is taken 5 times, and should 1 (or more) differ from the others, it is discarded and mode is taken instead.
	
	This will only work when taking pose statically, and not if you want to read pose / transforms during movements.
